If you have any questions, we are here to help. Reply to this message in App Store Connect and let us know.

Review Environment

Submission ID: e60d26ed-8f06-49e4-9d5e-8189a4221c78
Review date: May 16, 2026
Review Device: iPad Air 11-inch (M3)
Version reviewed: 1.0 (27)

Guideline 2.1(a) - Performance - App Completeness

Issue Description

The app still exhibited one or more bugs that would negatively impact users.

Bug description: An error occurred when attempting to sign in with apple.

Review device details:

- Device type: iPad Air 11-inch (M3) 
- OS version: iPadOS 26.5
- Internet Connection: Active

Next Steps

Test the app on supported devices to identify and resolve bugs and stability issues before submitting for review.

If the bug cannot be reproduced, try the following:

- For new apps, uninstall all previous versions of the app from a device, then install and follow the steps to reproduce.
- For app updates, install the new version as an update to the previous version, then follow the steps to reproduce.

Note that users expect apps they download to function on all the devices where they are available. For example, apps that may be downloaded onto iPad devices should function as expected for iPad users. 

Guideline 4.3(a) - Design - Spam


Issue Description

We noticed the app shares a similar binary, metadata, and/or concept as other apps you already submitted to the App Store, with only minor differences. 

Submitting similar or repackaged apps is a form of spam that creates clutter and makes it difficult for users to discover new apps.

Next Steps

Since we do not accept spam apps on the App Store, we encourage you to review the app concept and submit a unique app with distinct content and functionality. 

Resources

Some factors that contribute to a spam rejection may include:

- Submitting an app with the same source code or assets as other apps already submitted to the App Store
- Creating and submitting multiple similar apps using a repackaged app template 
- Purchasing an app template with problematic code from a third party 
- Submitting several similar apps across multiple accounts

Learn more about our requirements to prevent spam in guideline 4.3.
Guideline 2.1(b) - Information Needed


We have started our review, but we need additional information to continue. Specifically, it appears the app may access or include paid digital content or services, and we want to understand your business model before completing our review. 

Next Steps

Please review the following questions and provide as much detailed information about your business model as you can.

1. Who are the users that will use the paid content, subscriptions, and features in the app?
2. Where can users purchase the content, subscriptions, and features that can be accessed in the app?
3. What specific types of previously purchased content, subscriptions, and features can a user access in the app?
4. What paid content, subscriptions, or features are unlocked within the app that do not use In-App Purchase?

