Hello,

Thank you for your resubmission. Upon further review, we identified additional issues that need your attention. See below for more information.

If you have any questions, we are here to help. Reply to this message in App Store Connect and let us know.

Review Environment

Submission ID: e60d26ed-8f06-49e4-9d5e-8189a4221c78
Review date: June 04, 2026
Review Device: iPad Air 11-inch (M3)
Version reviewed: 1.0 (34)

Guideline 3.1.1 - Business - Payments - In-App Purchase


Issue Description

We noticed that the app includes or accesses paid digital content, services, or functionality by means other than In-App Purchase, which is not appropriate for the App Store. Specifically: 

- The app accesses digital content purchased outside the app, such as subscriptions, but that content isn't available to purchase using In-App Purchase. 

Apps on the United States storefront may link out to the default browser, using buttons, external links, or other calls to action, for payment mechanisms other than in-app purchase. To learn more, see the News post on Apple Developer. For storefronts where there are not alternative options for qualifying apps, the app must use in-app purchase.

Next Steps

The paid digital content, services, or subscriptions included in or accessed by the app must be available for purchase in the app using In-App Purchase. 

Apps that offer paid digital services and content across multiple platforms may allow customers to access the content they acquired outside the app as long as it is also available for purchase using In-App Purchase. See guideline 3.1.3(b) for more information. 

If you have any additional information to provide regarding the digital content and services in the app and how the guidelines apply to them, please reply to this message in App Store Connect and let us know. If there is information you'd like us to consider in our review of future submissions, please feel free to include it in the App Review Information section of App Store Connect. 