tems Submitted (1)
You can review and make edits to your items below, or communicate with Apple. Accepted items won't be available for release until all items with issues are resubmitted and accepted. You can also remove those items and resubmit them later.
Item
Type
Review Status
Action
iOS App 1.0

1.0.0 (64)

App Version
Rejected
2.1.0 Performance: App Completeness

2.3.10 Performance: Accurate Metadata

3.1.2 Business: Payments - Subscriptions

See More
Edit

Messages (2)

Apple2026-06-08 8:10 AM

Apple2026-07-02 2:00 PM
Hello,

Thank you for your resubmission. Upon further review, we identified additional issues that need your attention. See below for more information.

If you have any questions, we are here to help. Reply to this message in App Store Connect and let us know.

Review Environment
Submission ID: 6bcaf141-c142-4279-ad1a-504078215635
Review date: July 02, 2026
Review Device: iPad Air 11-inch (M3)
Version reviewed: 1.0 (64)

Guideline 2.3.10 - Performance - Accurate Metadata
Issue Description

The app or metadata includes information about third-party platforms that may not be relevant for App Store users, who are focused on experiences offered by the app itself.

Next Steps

Revise the app's screenshots to remove non-iOS status bar images. 

Revised screenshots should accurately reflect the app in use on the supported devices and highlight the app's main features in the majority of the screenshots. Note some screenshots may only be viewed and updated by selecting "View All Sizes in Media Manager" in the Previews and Screenshots section of App Store Connect. 

Reply to App Review in App Store Connect with additional information if the app's functionality and how it interacts with third-party platforms has been misunderstood.

Resources

Learn how to edit App Store metadata on App Store Connect Help.
Guidelines 5.1.1(i) - Legal - Privacy - Data Collection and 5.1.2(i) - Legal - Privacy - Data Use

Issue Description

The app appears to share the user’s personal data with a third-party AI service but the app does not clearly explain what data is sent, identify who the data is sent to, and ask the user’s permission before sharing the data. 

Apps may only use, transmit, or share personal data after they meet all of the following requirements: 

- Disclose what data will be sent
- Specify who the data is sent to
- Obtain the user’s permission before sending data
- Identify in the privacy policy what data the app collects, how it collects that data, all uses of that data, and confirm any third party the app shares data with provides the same or equal protection

Next Steps

If the app sends user data to a third-party AI service, revise the app to explain what data is sent, identify who the data is sent to, and ask the user’s permission before sharing personal data with a third-party AI service.

If it does not already, the app’s privacy policy must also identify what data the app collects, how it collects that data, and all uses of that data, including if it is shared with a third-party AI service. Note that only including this information in the app's Terms of Service or Privacy Policy is not sufficient.

If the app does not send user data to a third-party AI service or does not include a third-party AI service, reply to this rejection to confirm and add this information to the App Review Information section of App Store Connect.

Resources

- Learn more about privacy policy requirements in guideline 5.1.1(i).
- Learn more about data use and sharing requirements in guideline 5.1.2(i).
- Learn more about providing information to App Review in App Store Connect.
Guideline 2.1(b) - Information Needed

We have started the review of the app, but we are not able to continue because we cannot locate the In-App Purchases, such as Sirius Plus and Sirius Pro, within the app at this time.

Next Steps

To help us proceed with the review of the app, please reply to this message providing the steps for locating the In-App Purchases in the app.

Note that In-App Purchases are reviewed in an Apple-provided sandbox environment. Make sure they have been appropriately configured for review in the Apple-provided sandbox environment.

If you are restricting access to In-App Purchases based on factors such as storefront or device configurations, please include this information in your reply along with steps to enable the In-App Purchases for our review. 

Additionally, note that the Account Holder must accept the Paid Apps Agreement in the Business section of App Store Connect before paid In-App Purchases will function.

Resources

- Learn more about offering In-App Purchases. 
- Learn more about testing in sandbox.
- Learn more about submitting In-App Purchases and subscriptions to App Review.


Guideline 3.1.2(c) - Business - Payments - Subscriptions
Issue Description

The submission did not include all the required information for apps offering auto-renewable subscriptions.


You can use SubscriptionStoreView to easily include all of the required information in the app's purchase flow.

The following information needs to be included in the App Store metadata: a functional link to the Terms of Use (EULA) (if you are using the standard Apple Terms of Use (EULA), include a link in the App Description, and if you are using a custom EULA, add it in App Store Connect).

Next Steps

Update the App Store metadata to include the information specified above.

Once the app and metadata includes all of the required information, or if they already do, reply to this message with a screen recording to confirm. Include this information in the Notes field of the App Review Information section in App Store Connect for future submissions.

Resources

Apps offering auto-renewable subscriptions must include all of the following required information in the app itself:

- Title of auto-renewing subscription (this may be the same as the In-App Purchase product name)
- Length of subscription
- Price of subscription, and price per unit if appropriate
- Functional links to the privacy policy and Terms of Use (EULA)

The app metadata must also include functional links to the privacy policy in the Privacy Policy field in App Store Connect and the Terms of Use (EULA) in the App Description or EULA field in App Store Connect.

Review Schedule 2 of the Apple Developer Program License Agreement to learn more.
Support
- Reply to this message in your preferred language if you need assistance. If you need additional support, use the Contact Us module.
- Consult with fellow developers and Apple engineers on the Apple Developer Forums.
- Request an App Review Appointment at Meet with Apple to discuss your app's review. Appointments subject to availability during your local business hours on Tuesdays and Thursdays.
- Provide feedback on this message and your review experience by completing a short survey.

Test on the latest betas
Betas of iOS 27, iPadOS 27, macOS 27, tvOS 27 and visionOS 27 are now available. Download the latest betas to prepare your app for upcoming software releases. Learn more about installing and using Apple beta software.