Age Ratings

App Age Ratings
Edit
View Details
Users will only see the age rating that applies to their country or region on the App Store.

9+
173 countries or regions

Brazil
ALL
Korea, Republic of
Age Suitability URL
?
–
Operating Systems Earlier than Version 26
Global rating of 4+ with regional exceptions
View Details
App Encryption Documentation


Specify your use of encryption in Xcode by adding the App Uses Non-Exempt Encryption key to your app's Info.plist file with a Boolean value that indicates whether your app uses encryption. Learn More

You're required to provide documentation if your app contains any of the following:

Encryption algorithms that are proprietary or not accepted as standard by international standard bodies (IEEE, IETF, ITU, etc.)
Standard encryption algorithms instead of, or in addition to, using or accessing the encryption within Apple's operating system
You can provide your documentation before you submit a build.

Upload
App Store Regulations & Permits

Digital Services Act

This developer has identified itself as a non-trader for this app. In order to update your app level trader status, you need to complete compliance requirements. Get Started
Vietnam Game License

If your game is available on the App Store in Vietnam, you can add a game license as required by Vietnamese regulators. Learn More
Add
Regulated Medical Devices
If your app is in the Medical or Health and Fitness categories, or if you selected “frequent” for “Medical or Treatment Information” in the App Store Connect age rating questionnaire, you need to declare whether it functions as a regulated medical device to keep distributing on the App Store in certain regions. Learn More

Declare Regulated Medical Device
App Store Server Notifications

App Store server notifications provide information about key events related to your in-app purchases. To test notifications before implementing them in production, you can set up a separate sandbox server URL. Learn More

Production Server URL
Set Up URL
Sandbox Server URL
Set Up URL
App-Specific Shared Secret

The app-specific shared secret is a unique code to receive receipts for only this app’s auto-renewable subscriptions. You may want to use an app-specific shared secret if you’re transferring this app to another developer, or if you want to keep your primary shared secret private.

Manage

Additional Information

View on App Store

Edit User Access

Remove App